Light Freshness Edit: ASP.NET - host and deploy (#37034)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/host-and-deploy/aspnet-core-module.md

1. Export the updated `applicationHost.config` file to the share.
1. Re-enable the IIS Shared Configuration.

> ## version and Hosting Bundle installer logs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Module version and Hosting Bundle installer logs
```
This breaks the heading semantically and would kinda look like an rendering error.  This is about Module version so leave this in I think.

</configuration>
```

> The <xref:System.Configuration.SectionInformation.InheritInChildApplications*> property is set to `false` to indicate that apps that reside in a subdirectory of the app aren't inheriting the settings specified within the [\<location>](/iis/manage/managing-your-configuration-settings/understanding-iis-configuration-delegation#the-concept-of-location) element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The <xref:System.Configuration.SectionInformation.InheritInChildApplications*> property is set to `false` to indicate that apps that reside in a subdirectory of the app don't inherit the settings specified within the [\<location>](/iis/manage/managing-your-configuration-settings/understanding-iis-configuration-delegation#the-concept-of-location) element.
```

Changing to match line 193 improvment you had which was better.

The proxy created between the ASP.NET Core Module and Kestrel uses the HTTP protocol. There's no risk of eavesdropping the traffic between the module and Kestrel from a location off of the server.

> A pairing token is used to guarantee that IIS proxied the requests received by Kestrel and didn't come from some other source. The pairing token is created and set into an environment variable (`ASPNETCORE_TOKEN`) by the module. The pairing token is also set into a header (`MS-ASPNETCORE-TOKEN`) on every proxied request. IIS Middleware checks each request it receives to confirm that the pairing token header value matches the environment variable value. If the token values are mismatched, the request is logged and rejected. The pairing token environment variable and the traffic between the module and Kestrel aren't accessible from a location off of the server. Without knowing the pairing token value, a cyberattacker can't submit requests that bypass the check in the IIS Middleware.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A pairing token is used to guarantee that the requests received by Kestrel were proxied by IIS and didn't come from some other source. The pairing token is created and set into an environment variable (`ASPNETCORE_TOKEN`) by the module. The pairing token is also set into a header (`MS-ASPNETCORE-TOKEN`) on every proxied request. IIS Middleware checks each request it receives to confirm that the pairing token header value matches the environment variable value. If the token values are mismatched, the request is logged and rejected. The pairing token environment variable and the traffic between the module and Kestrel aren't accessible from a location off of the server. Without knowing the pairing token value, a cyberattacker can't submit requests that bypass the check in the IIS Middleware.
```
Changing this so it is technically correct.  It lost some clarity. Requests are the subject being guaranteed about.

The module only works with Kestrel. The module is incompatible with [HTTP.sys](xref:fundamentals/servers/httpsys).

> Because ASP.NET Core apps run in a process separate from the IIS worker process, the module also handles process management. The module starts the process for the ASP.NET Core app when the first request arrives and restarts the app if it crashes. This is essentially the same behavior as seen with ASP.NET 4.x apps that run in-process in IIS that the [Windows Process Activation Service (WAS)](/iis/manage/provisioning-and-managing-iis/features-of-the-windows-process-activation-service-was) manages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because ASP.NET Core apps run in a process separate from the IIS worker process, the module also handles process management. The module starts the process for the ASP.NET Core app when the first request arrives and restarts the app if it crashes. This is essentially the same behavior as seen with ASP.NET 4.x apps that run in-process in IIS that are managed by the [Windows Process Activation Service (WAS)](/iis/manage/provisioning-and-managing-iis/features-of-the-windows-process-activation-service-was).
```
Minor item: The trailing clause seemed a little awkward.
